string length is 10274
Now -> 2 times
indulgence -> 2 times
dissimilar -> 3 times
for -> 3 times
his -> 10 times
thoroughly -> 1 times
has -> 7 times
terminated. -> 1 times
Agreement -> 1 times
offending -> 2 times
commanded -> 1 times
my -> 6 times
an. -> 1 times
Change -> 1 times
wholly -> 1 times
say -> 5 times
why -> 3 times
eldest -> 2 times
period. -> 1 times
Are -> 1 times
projection -> 1 times
put -> 3 times
celebrated -> 1 times
particular -> 1 times
unreserved -> 3 times
joy -> 4 times
unsatiable -> 1 times
its. -> 2 times
In -> 5 times
then -> 1 times
dare -> 3 times
good -> 1 times
am -> 7 times
rose -> 1 times
bred -> 1 times
or. -> 1 times
On -> 4 times
in -> 15 times
nearer -> 1 times
square -> 1 times
wanted. -> 1 times
Do -> 2 times
eduardo4ever -> 1 times
so -> 17 times
written -> 1 times
as -> 10 times
raising -> 1 times
parlors -> 1 times
spirits -> 2 times
mr -> 8 times
elderly. -> 1 times
Made -> 1 times
late -> 1 times
of -> 9 times
high -> 1 times
left -> 1 times
hold. -> 2 times
Carried -> 1 times
females -> 2 times
up -> 8 times
highest -> 1 times
calling. -> 2 times
Limits -> 1 times
marked -> 1 times
led -> 4 times
silent -> 4 times
dining -> 1 times
her -> 11 times
she -> 8 times
far. -> 1 times
Sir -> 2 times
but -> 6 times
elegance -> 1 times
marriage -> 2 times
dwelling -> 2 times
likewise -> 3 times
position -> 2 times
old -> 4 times
pleasure -> 2 times
men. -> 3 times
Dissimilar -> 1 times
themselves -> 1 times
simplicity -> 2 times
no -> 11 times
contrasted -> 1 times
as. -> 3 times
Delay -> 1 times
great -> 1 times
day -> 5 times
hours -> 3 times
Stuff -> 1 times
front -> 1 times
to -> 13 times
do -> 17 times
allow -> 1 times
asked -> 3 times
he. -> 4 times
For -> 3 times
though -> 3 times
result -> 4 times
and -> 6 times
talent -> 1 times
add -> 6 times
are -> 3 times
parish -> 1 times
valley. -> 1 times
Songs -> 1 times
oh -> 6 times
other -> 2 times
avoid -> 1 times
it -> 12 times
woman -> 1 times
style. -> 2 times
myself -> 1 times
family -> 1 times
if -> 5 times
be -> 5 times
agreed. -> 1 times
Gay -> 2 times
collected -> 1 times
son -> 2 times
him -> 10 times
knowledge -> 1 times
delivered -> 2 times
put. -> 1 times
Added -> 1 times
would -> 1 times
end -> 5 times
ask -> 5 times
sight -> 1 times
saw -> 5 times
dried -> 1 times
house. -> 1 times
Property -> 1 times
expenses -> 1 times
yourself -> 3 times
occasion -> 1 times
endeavor -> 1 times
two -> 2 times
may -> 3 times
judgment -> 2 times
she. -> 2 times
Me -> 2 times
soon -> 2 times
rank -> 2 times
most -> 1 times
head -> 1 times
time -> 1 times
tore. -> 1 times
Colonel -> 1 times
or -> 10 times
passage -> 2 times
ability. -> 1 times
Picture -> 1 times
removal -> 2 times
detract -> 1 times
earnest -> 1 times
is -> 5 times
by. -> 3 times
Esteems -> 1 times
met -> 4 times
attempt -> 2 times
way -> 2 times
clothes -> 1 times
yet -> 8 times
demesne -> 2 times
tedious. -> 1 times
Replying -> 1 times
an -> 13 times
marianne -> 1 times
entrance -> 3 times
advanced. -> 1 times
Two -> 1 times
play -> 1 times
when -> 1 times
Required -> 1 times
bringing -> 1 times
me -> 5 times
material -> 1 times
stanhill -> 2 times
jointure -> 1 times
Mutual -> 1 times
indeed -> 1 times
living -> 2 times
matter -> 1 times
bed -> 2 times
whence. -> 1 times
principles -> 1 times
discovered -> 2 times
off -> 5 times
increasing -> 2 times
how -> 4 times
reasonably -> 1 times
middletons -> 1 times
Add -> 1 times
seems -> 1 times
out -> 3 times
man -> 6 times
plate -> 1 times
court -> 2 times
sense. -> 1 times
His -> 1 times
worth -> 1 times
truth -> 2 times
given. -> 1 times
All -> 1 times
year -> 1 times
feet -> 1 times
view -> 2 times
went -> 2 times
sake. -> 1 times
You -> 2 times
agreeable -> 2 times
breakfast -> 3 times
set -> 2 times
perceived -> 1 times
immediate. -> 1 times
Stimulated -> 1 times
projectinWorse -> 1 times
downs -> 1 times
nor -> 4 times
might -> 1 times
did -> 2 times
nay -> 9 times
forth -> 2 times
these. -> 1 times
Must -> 1 times
you -> 6 times
with -> 1 times
from -> 1 times
were -> 1 times
more. -> 1 times
should -> 1 times
remark -> 2 times
vanity -> 2 times
square. -> 1 times
Unpleasant -> 1 times
especially -> 2 times
assistance -> 2 times
sufficient -> 2 times
he -> 16 times
comparison -> 2 times
inquietude. -> 1 times
Branch -> 1 times
one -> 3 times
shy -> 3 times
edward -> 1 times
stairs -> 1 times
turned -> 1 times
law -> 2 times
wonder -> 2 times
horses. -> 2 times
Devonshire -> 1 times
invitation -> 1 times
the -> 4 times
excellence -> 4 times
preference. -> 1 times
Objection -> 1 times
estimable -> 3 times
discourse -> 5 times
procuring -> 2 times
remaining -> 1 times
on -> 9 times
distrusts. -> 1 times
Simplicity -> 1 times
affronting -> 1 times
inquietude -> 1 times
now -> 3 times
sympathize -> 2 times
age. -> 1 times
She -> 2 times
meant -> 1 times
new -> 2 times
their -> 1 times
sex -> 3 times
could -> 3 times
defer -> 1 times
child. -> 1 times
An -> 3 times
lose -> 1 times
at -> 12 times
quit -> 1 times
life -> 1 times
dull. -> 1 times
Residence -> 1 times
certainly -> 1 times
elsewhere -> 2 times
something -> 5 times
preferred -> 3 times
cordially -> 1 times
law. -> 2 times
Age -> 1 times
surprise -> 2 times
formerly -> 2 times
mrs -> 4 times
perceive -> 1 times
few -> 4 times
moderate. -> 1 times
Of -> 1 times
power -> 1 times
match -> 2 times
worse -> 3 times
voice -> 1 times
would. -> 1 times
Large -> 1 times
sense -> 3 times
shall -> 1 times
learn. -> 1 times
By -> 1 times
expect -> 1 times
formal -> 1 times
of. -> 3 times
Ask -> 1 times
eat -> 2 times
questions -> 1 times
abilities -> 2 times
described -> 1 times
assurance. -> 1 times
Appetite -> 1 times
unlocked -> 1 times
advanced -> 2 times
breeding -> 1 times
concerns -> 2 times
Cheerful -> 1 times
get -> 2 times
shutters -> 1 times
repeated -> 3 times
screened. -> 2 times
cause -> 2 times
hopes -> 1 times
three. -> 1 times
Prevent -> 1 times
behaved -> 2 times
fertile -> 2 times
mistake -> 1 times
on. -> 1 times
Surprise -> 1 times
steepest -> 1 times
recurred -> 1 times
landlord -> 1 times
wandered -> 2 times
amounted -> 1 times
Continuing -> 2 times
devonshire -> 1 times
considered -> 1 times
Rose -> 1 times
past -> 1 times
shew -> 1 times
roof -> 1 times
song -> 1 times
neat. -> 1 times
depend -> 1 times
better -> 2 times
praise -> 2 times
friend -> 2 times
garden -> 3 times
to. -> 3 times
Intention -> 1 times
age -> 3 times
otherwise -> 1 times
breakfast. -> 1 times
Around -> 1 times
beyond -> 1 times
extent -> 2 times
Husbands -> 1 times
resolved -> 2 times
laughter -> 2 times
debating. -> 1 times
cordial -> 3 times
visitor -> 1 times
noisier -> 1 times
fat -> 2 times
subject -> 1 times
general -> 1 times
picture. -> 1 times
Or -> 2 times
offering -> 3 times
confined -> 1 times
no. -> 2 times
Nay -> 1 times
rapturous -> 1 times
see -> 5 times
residence. -> 1 times
Highly -> 1 times
talked -> 2 times
vulgar. -> 1 times
Her -> 2 times
use -> 3 times
natural -> 1 times
feeling. -> 1 times
Exquisite -> 1 times
incommode -> 1 times
immediate -> 1 times
ourselves -> 2 times
Law -> 1 times
conduct -> 1 times
chiefly -> 1 times
beloved -> 1 times
examine -> 1 times
village -> 1 times
proceed. -> 1 times
Performed -> 1 times
suspicion -> 1 times
certainty -> 2 times
frankness -> 3 times
by -> 3 times
attention -> 1 times
pretended. -> 1 times
Newspaper -> 1 times
tolerably -> 2 times
education -> 2 times
enjoyment. -> 1 times
Extremity -> 2 times
excellent -> 2 times
sincerity -> 2 times
resembled. -> 1 times
Joy -> 1 times
house -> 1 times
arise -> 1 times
total -> 1 times
boy -> 4 times
but. -> 1 times
Elderly -> 2 times
chicken -> 1 times
feeling -> 1 times
is. -> 1 times
Like -> 1 times
seen -> 1 times
drew -> 1 times
make -> 1 times
fond -> 2 times
rent. -> 1 times
Behaviour -> 1 times
extremely -> 2 times
explained -> 2 times
situation -> 1 times
september -> 1 times
gentleman -> 1 times
who. -> 2 times
Is -> 2 times
thought -> 2 times
pointed -> 1 times
hearing -> 1 times
norland -> 1 times
produce -> 1 times
wishing. -> 1 times
To -> 2 times
figure -> 1 times
spring -> 1 times
season -> 1 times
up. -> 1 times
provision -> 1 times
acuteness -> 1 times
had -> 4 times
intention. -> 1 times
As -> 5 times
called -> 1 times
needed -> 1 times
at. -> 2 times
Assistance -> 1 times
imprudence -> 1 times
sentiments -> 1 times
unpleasant -> 1 times
expression -> 1 times
surrounded -> 1 times
not. -> 1 times
Be -> 1 times
ye -> 5 times
secure -> 2 times
nearer. -> 1 times
Living -> 1 times
valley -> 1 times
merits -> 1 times
esteem -> 3 times
bed. -> 1 times
last -> 2 times
wise -> 1 times
left. -> 1 times
Visited -> 1 times
civilly -> 1 times
colonel -> 1 times
So -> 2 times
interested -> 1 times
sentiments. -> 1 times
Vanity -> 1 times
giving -> 1 times
points -> 1 times
within -> 2 times
six -> 2 times
not -> 2 times
Few -> 1 times
impression -> 1 times
difficulty -> 2 times
decisively. -> 1 times
allowance -> 2 times
instantly -> 1 times
strangers -> 3 times
applauded -> 4 times
so. -> 3 times
Separate -> 1 times
welcomed -> 1 times
sensible -> 1 times
laughing -> 1 times
moderate -> 2 times
shy. -> 1 times
We -> 1 times
seeing -> 1 times
piqued -> 2 times
merry -> 1 times
least -> 2 times
stood. -> 1 times
And -> 2 times
cold -> 1 times
sons -> 1 times
with. -> 1 times
Delivered -> 1 times
middleton -> 2 times
therefore -> 1 times
Attachment -> 1 times
companions -> 2 times
pianoforte. -> 1 times
Able -> 1 times
hope -> 1 times
body. -> 1 times
Any -> 1 times
shyness -> 2 times
article -> 1 times
matters -> 1 times
own -> 2 times
nothing -> 1 times
forming. -> 1 times
additions -> 2 times
satisfied -> 1 times
perpetual. -> 1 times
If -> 2 times
manor -> 1 times
happy. -> 1 times
Without -> 1 times
farther -> 1 times
exposed -> 1 times
led. -> 2 times
Along -> 1 times
happy -> 1 times
cease -> 1 times
green -> 1 times
oh. -> 2 times
Far -> 2 times
quitting -> 1 times
graceful -> 2 times
received -> 3 times
building. -> 1 times
fact -> 1 times
that -> 2 times
show -> 2 times
shed -> 1 times
sold -> 1 times
cold. -> 1 times
Unaffected -> 2 times
remarkably -> 1 times
introduced -> 1 times
terminated -> 1 times
Result -> 1 times
either -> 1 times
design -> 1 times
and. -> 1 times
ashamed -> 1 times
inhabit -> 1 times
ferrars -> 1 times
besides -> 2 times
resolve. -> 1 times
Own -> 1 times
directly -> 1 times
trifling. -> 1 times
pursuit -> 1 times
regular -> 1 times
parlors. -> 1 times
Rank -> 1 times
what -> 1 times
into -> 1 times
sorry -> 1 times
world -> 1 times
spoil -> 1 times
along. -> 1 times
Incommode -> 1 times
depending -> 3 times
remainder -> 1 times
Edward -> 1 times
almost -> 1 times
active -> 1 times
thirty -> 3 times
piqued. -> 1 times
People -> 1 times
period -> 1 times
twenty -> 1 times
Set -> 2 times
was -> 1 times
abroad -> 1 times
ham -> 1 times
plenty -> 1 times
Admiration -> 1 times
sir -> 2 times
decisively -> 2 times
everything -> 2 times
inhabiting -> 1 times
acceptance. -> 1 times
Sooner -> 1 times
settle -> 1 times
sudden -> 2 times
him. -> 1 times
concluded -> 2 times
extremity. -> 1 times
Want -> 1 times
four -> 2 times
we -> 3 times
face -> 1 times
gate. -> 1 times
played -> 1 times
ladies -> 2 times
answer -> 1 times
little -> 1 times
nature. -> 1 times
Blessing -> 2 times
formerly. -> 1 times
Took -> 1 times
spot -> 1 times
size -> 1 times
you. -> 1 times
Outlived -> 1 times
material. -> 1 times
Him -> 2 times
outweigh -> 2 times
Demesne -> 1 times
far -> 1 times
hearted -> 1 times
suppose -> 1 times
venture -> 1 times
excited -> 1 times
has. -> 2 times
Dependent -> 2 times
Yet -> 1 times
﻿no -> 1 times
jokes -> 1 times
why. -> 1 times
Bed -> 1 times
supposing -> 1 times
fulfilled -> 1 times
questions. -> 1 times
Whatever -> 1 times
exertion -> 1 times
extended. -> 2 times
baobab -> 1 times
believed -> 1 times
diverted -> 1 times
rejoiced. -> 1 times
End -> 1 times
friendship -> 2 times
can -> 4 times
prosperous -> 1 times
met. -> 1 times
game -> 1 times
park -> 1 times
do. -> 1 times
Was -> 1 times
unknown -> 1 times
certain -> 1 times
ten -> 3 times
promise. -> 1 times
No -> 1 times
finished -> 1 times
cheerful -> 1 times
packages -> 1 times
we. -> 3 times
assurance -> 3 times
collected. -> 1 times
Packages -> 1 times
denoting -> 1 times
humoured. -> 1 times
Pressed -> 1 times
natural. -> 1 times
Answer -> 1 times
misery -> 1 times
adieus -> 1 times
wooded -> 1 times
men -> 2 times
before -> 1 times
though. -> 1 times
Pretended -> 1 times
belonging -> 1 times
contented -> 1 times
suffering -> 2 times
favourite -> 2 times
continual. -> 1 times
Mrs -> 1 times
civil -> 1 times
means -> 1 times
tried -> 1 times
drift. -> 1 times
Natural -> 1 times
whether -> 1 times
towards -> 1 times
certain. -> 1 times
Furnished -> 1 times
unfeeling -> 1 times
sometimes -> 2 times
promotion. -> 1 times
Quitting -> 1 times
informed -> 1 times
now. -> 1 times
Projection -> 1 times
conviction -> 2 times
uncommonly -> 1 times
delightful -> 1 times
continuing. -> 1 times
appetite -> 1 times
ecstatic -> 1 times
opinions -> 2 times
hastened -> 2 times
handsome -> 1 times
admitted. -> 1 times
relation -> 1 times
screened -> 2 times
doubtful. -> 1 times
Overcame -> 1 times
insisted -> 1 times
trifling -> 1 times
husbands. -> 1 times
Might -> 1 times
order -> 1 times
found. -> 1 times
impossible -> 2 times
diminution. -> 1 times
Did -> 1 times
carriage -> 1 times
learning -> 1 times
its -> 1 times
replying. -> 1 times
Sister -> 1 times
enable -> 1 times
spirit -> 1 times
really. -> 1 times
Parish -> 1 times
oppose -> 1 times
repair -> 1 times
misery. -> 1 times
Quick -> 2 times
style -> 1 times
after -> 1 times
money -> 2 times
mrs. -> 1 times
Ignorant -> 1 times
drawings -> 1 times
laughter. -> 1 times
Case -> 1 times
away -> 1 times
sigh -> 1 times
here -> 1 times
upon. -> 1 times
Acuteness -> 1 times
exquisite -> 2 times
forfeited. -> 1 times
Enquire -> 1 times
without -> 1 times
garrets -> 1 times
himself. -> 1 times
Interest -> 1 times
our -> 2 times
followed -> 1 times
was. -> 1 times
Cultivated -> 1 times
solicitude -> 1 times
unpleasant. -> 1 times
Oh -> 3 times
acceptance -> 1 times
apartments -> 2 times
astonished -> 3 times
delightful. -> 1 times
Waiting -> 1 times
lasting -> 1 times
towards. -> 1 times
melancholy -> 2 times
unpleasing -> 1 times
attachment -> 1 times
announcing -> 1 times
astonished. -> 1 times
What -> 1 times
leaf -> 1 times
upon -> 1 times
door. -> 1 times
Tended -> 1 times
remain -> 1 times
stairs. -> 1 times
smiling -> 1 times
amiable -> 1 times
visited -> 1 times
offices -> 2 times
hearted. -> 1 times
Breakfast -> 1 times
happiness -> 1 times
frankness. -> 1 times
Met -> 1 times
Entreaties -> 1 times
estimating -> 1 times
cultivated. -> 1 times
additions. -> 1 times
Pronounce -> 1 times
suspected. -> 1 times
elinor -> 1 times
temper. -> 1 times
Quiet -> 1 times
leave -> 2 times
gay -> 2 times
large -> 1 times
Abilities -> 1 times
perfectly -> 1 times
pretended -> 2 times
exquisite. -> 1 times
another -> 1 times
chamber -> 1 times
pleased -> 1 times
imagine -> 2 times
in. -> 2 times
Went -> 1 times
loud -> 1 times
shot -> 1 times
draw. -> 1 times
Excellent -> 1 times
smallness. -> 1 times
Removal -> 1 times
request -> 1 times
delight -> 1 times
themselves. -> 1 times
Offended -> 1 times
consider -> 1 times
speaking. -> 1 times
Questions -> 1 times
too -> 1 times
son. -> 2 times
distant. -> 1 times
Improve -> 1 times
message -> 1 times
himself -> 1 times
cheered -> 1 times
however -> 1 times
judge -> 1 times
first -> 1 times
chief -> 1 times
her. -> 2 times
Indeed -> 1 times
always -> 1 times
seemed -> 1 times
narrow -> 1 times
be. -> 1 times
Instantly -> 1 times
neglected -> 1 times
delivered. -> 1 times
Perhaps -> 1 times
brandon -> 1 times
cottage. -> 1 times
Fulfilled -> 1 times
direction -> 1 times
continual -> 1 times
propriety -> 1 times
continued. -> 1 times
Saw -> 1 times
deficient -> 1 times
engrossed -> 1 times
concealed -> 1 times
Concluded -> 1 times
perpetual -> 1 times
supposing. -> 1 times
Farther -> 1 times
related -> 1 times
comfort -> 1 times
civilly. -> 1 times
Dashwoods -> 1 times
objection -> 1 times
the. -> 2 times
produced -> 1 times
prospect -> 1 times
am. -> 1 times
Placing -> 1 times
forming -> 1 times
looking -> 1 times
married -> 1 times
Margaret -> 1 times
disposed -> 1 times
rendered -> 1 times
striking -> 1 times
confined. -> 1 times
It -> 1 times
furnished -> 1 times
unwilling -> 1 times
peculiar -> 1 times
ham. -> 1 times
Sussex -> 1 times
really -> 1 times
elinor. -> 1 times
properly -> 1 times
Advice -> 1 times
branch -> 1 times
living. -> 1 times
disposing -> 2 times
admitting -> 1 times
sportsmen -> 1 times
sportsman. -> 1 times
Their -> 1 times
widen -> 1 times
any. -> 1 times
smart -> 1 times
those -> 2 times
Am -> 1 times
wrote -> 1 times
whole -> 1 times
tears -> 1 times
Absolute -> 1 times
required -> 1 times
reserved -> 2 times
How -> 1 times
found -> 1 times
again -> 1 times
taken -> 1 times
Had -> 1 times
desirous -> 1 times
overcame. -> 1 times
Improved -> 1 times
property -> 1 times
disposal -> 1 times
me. -> 1 times
over -> 1 times
man. -> 1 times
simple -> 1 times
assure. -> 1 times
Mr -> 1 times
continued -> 1 times
arranging -> 1 times
agreement. -> 1 times
Off -> 1 times
mistress -> 1 times
provided -> 1 times
horrible -> 1 times
opinions. -> 1 times
Prevailed -> 1 times
uncommon -> 1 times
Now, freq = 2: (347) 101011011
indulgence, freq = 2: (414) 110011110
dissimilar, freq = 3: (316) 100111100
for, freq = 3: (317) 100111101
his, freq = 10: (82) 1010010
thoroughly, freq = 1: (693) 1010110101
has, freq = 7: (112) 01110000
terminated., freq = 1: (1384) 10101101000
Agreement, freq = 1: (1385) 10101101001
offending, freq = 2: (415) 110011111
commanded, freq = 1: (850) 1101010010
my, freq = 6: (152) 10011000
an., freq = 1: (851) 1101010011
Change, freq = 1: (848) 1101010000
wholly, freq = 1: (849) 1101010001
say, freq = 5: (159) 10011111
why, freq = 3: (254) 011111110
eldest, freq = 2: (412) 110011100
period., freq = 1: (854) 1101010110
Are, freq = 1: (855) 1101010111
projection, freq = 1: (852) 1101010100
put, freq = 3: (255) 011111111
celebrated, freq = 1: (853) 1101010101
particular, freq = 1: (170) 00010101010
unreserved, freq = 3: (252) 011111100
joy, freq = 4: (214) 011010110
unsatiable, freq = 1: (171) 00010101011
its., freq = 2: (413) 110011101
In, freq = 5: (178) 10110010
then, freq = 1: (168) 00010101000
dare, freq = 3: (253) 011111101
good, freq = 1: (169) 00010101001
am, freq = 7: (113) 01110001
rose, freq = 1: (174) 00010101110
bred, freq = 1: (175) 00010101111
or., freq = 1: (172) 00010101100
On, freq = 4: (215) 011010111
in, freq = 15: (55) 0110111
nearer, freq = 1: (173) 00010101101
square, freq = 1: (162) 00010100010
wanted., freq = 1: (163) 00010100011
Do, freq = 2: (402) 110010010
eduardo4ever, freq = 1: (160) 00010100000
so, freq = 17: (47) 101111
written, freq = 1: (161) 00010100001
as, freq = 10: (83) 1010011
raising, freq = 1: (166) 00010100110
parlors, freq = 1: (167) 00010100111
spirits, freq = 2: (403) 110010011
mr, freq = 8: (99) 1100011
elderly., freq = 1: (164) 00010100100
Made, freq = 1: (165) 00010100101
late, freq = 1: (186) 00010111010
of, freq = 9: (92) 1011100
high, freq = 1: (187) 00010111011
left, freq = 1: (184) 00010111000
hold., freq = 2: (400) 110010000
Carried, freq = 1: (185) 00010111001
females, freq = 2: (401) 110010001
up, freq = 8: (108) 01101100
highest, freq = 1: (190) 00010111110
calling., freq = 2: (406) 110010110
Limits, freq = 1: (191) 00010111111
marked, freq = 1: (188) 00010111100
led, freq = 4: (212) 011010100
silent, freq = 4: (213) 011010101
dining, freq = 1: (189) 00010111101
her, freq = 11: (77) 1001101
she, freq = 8: (109) 01101101
far., freq = 1: (178) 00010110010
Sir, freq = 2: (407) 110010111
but, freq = 6: (153) 10011001
elegance, freq = 1: (179) 00010110011
marriage, freq = 2: (404) 110010100
dwelling, freq = 2: (405) 110010101
likewise, freq = 3: (242) 011110010
position, freq = 2: (394) 0110001010
old, freq = 4: (218) 11011010
pleasure, freq = 2: (395) 0110001011
men., freq = 3: (243) 011110011
Dissimilar, freq = 1: (176) 00010110000
themselves, freq = 1: (177) 00010110001
simplicity, freq = 2: (392) 0110001000
no, freq = 11: (78) 1001110
contrasted, freq = 1: (182) 00010110110
as., freq = 3: (240) 011110000
Delay, freq = 1: (183) 00010110111
great, freq = 1: (180) 00010110100
day, freq = 5: (179) 10110011
hours, freq = 3: (241) 011110001
Stuff, freq = 1: (181) 00010110101
front, freq = 1: (138) 00010001010
to, freq = 13: (57) 0111001
do, freq = 17: (48) 110000
allow, freq = 1: (139) 00010001011
asked, freq = 3: (246) 011110110
he., freq = 4: (219) 11011011
For, freq = 3: (247) 011110111
though, freq = 3: (244) 011110100
result, freq = 4: (216) 11011000
and, freq = 6: (146) 10010010
talent, freq = 1: (136) 00010001000
add, freq = 6: (147) 10010011
are, freq = 3: (245) 011110101
parish, freq = 1: (137) 00010001001
valley., freq = 1: (142) 00010001110
Songs, freq = 1: (143) 00010001111
oh, freq = 6: (144) 10010000
other, freq = 2: (393) 0110001001
avoid, freq = 1: (140) 00010001100
it, freq = 12: (59) 0111011
woman, freq = 1: (141) 00010001101
style., freq = 2: (398) 0110001110
myself, freq = 1: (130) 00010000010
family, freq = 1: (131) 00010000011
if, freq = 5: (176) 10110000
be, freq = 5: (177) 10110001
agreed., freq = 1: (128) 00010000000
Gay, freq = 2: (399) 0110001111
collected, freq = 1: (129) 00010000001
son, freq = 2: (396) 0110001100
him, freq = 10: (80) 1010000
knowledge, freq = 1: (134) 00010000110
delivered, freq = 2: (397) 0110001101
put., freq = 1: (135) 00010000111
Added, freq = 1: (132) 00010000100
would, freq = 1: (133) 00010000101
end, freq = 5: (182) 10110110
ask, freq = 5: (183) 10110111
sight, freq = 1: (154) 00010011010
saw, freq = 5: (180) 10110100
dried, freq = 1: (155) 00010011011
house., freq = 1: (152) 00010011000
Property, freq = 1: (153) 00010011001
expenses, freq = 1: (158) 00010011110
yourself, freq = 3: (266) 100001010
occasion, freq = 1: (159) 00010011111
endeavor, freq = 1: (156) 00010011100
two, freq = 2: (386) 0110000010
may, freq = 3: (267) 100001011
judgment, freq = 2: (387) 0110000011
she., freq = 2: (384) 0110000000
Me, freq = 2: (385) 0110000001
soon, freq = 2: (390) 0110000110
rank, freq = 2: (391) 0110000111
most, freq = 1: (157) 00010011101
head, freq = 1: (146) 00010010010
time, freq = 1: (147) 00010010011
tore., freq = 1: (144) 00010010000
Colonel, freq = 1: (145) 00010010001
or, freq = 10: (81) 1010001
passage, freq = 2: (388) 0110000100
ability., freq = 1: (150) 00010010110
Picture, freq = 1: (151) 00010010111
removal, freq = 2: (389) 0110000101
detract, freq = 1: (148) 00010010100
earnest, freq = 1: (149) 00010010101
is, freq = 5: (181) 10110101
by., freq = 3: (264) 100001000
Esteems, freq = 1: (234) 00011101010
met, freq = 4: (217) 11011001
attempt, freq = 2: (410) 0110011010
way, freq = 2: (411) 0110011011
clothes, freq = 1: (235) 00011101011
yet, freq = 8: (102) 1100110
demesne, freq = 2: (408) 0110011000
tedious., freq = 1: (232) 00011101000
Replying, freq = 1: (233) 00011101001
an, freq = 13: (58) 0111010
marianne, freq = 1: (238) 00011101110
entrance, freq = 3: (265) 100001001
advanced., freq = 1: (239) 00011101111
Two, freq = 1: (236) 00011101100
play, freq = 1: (237) 00011101101
when, freq = 1: (226) 00011100010
Required, freq = 1: (227) 00011100011
bringing, freq = 1: (224) 00011100000
me, freq = 5: (170) 10101010
material, freq = 1: (225) 00011100001
stanhill, freq = 2: (409) 0110011001
jointure, freq = 1: (230) 00011100110
Mutual, freq = 1: (231) 00011100111
indeed, freq = 1: (228) 00011100100
living, freq = 2: (414) 0110011110
matter, freq = 1: (229) 00011100101
bed, freq = 2: (415) 0110011111
whence., freq = 1: (250) 00011111010
principles, freq = 1: (251) 00011111011
discovered, freq = 2: (412) 0110011100
off, freq = 5: (171) 10101011
increasing, freq = 2: (413) 0110011101
how, freq = 4: (222) 11011110
reasonably, freq = 1: (248) 00011111000
middletons, freq = 1: (249) 00011111001
Add, freq = 1: (254) 00011111110
seems, freq = 1: (255) 00011111111
out, freq = 3: (270) 100001110
man, freq = 6: (145) 10010001
plate, freq = 1: (252) 00011111100
court, freq = 2: (402) 0110010010
sense., freq = 1: (253) 00011111101
His, freq = 1: (242) 00011110010
worth, freq = 1: (243) 00011110011
truth, freq = 2: (403) 0110010011
given., freq = 1: (240) 00011110000
All, freq = 1: (241) 00011110001
year, freq = 1: (246) 00011110110
feet, freq = 1: (247) 00011110111
view, freq = 2: (400) 0110010000
went, freq = 2: (401) 0110010001
sake., freq = 1: (244) 00011110100
You, freq = 2: (406) 0110010110
agreeable, freq = 2: (407) 0110010111
breakfast, freq = 3: (271) 100001111
set, freq = 2: (404) 0110010100
perceived, freq = 1: (245) 00011110101
immediate., freq = 1: (202) 00011001010
Stimulated, freq = 1: (203) 00011001011
projectinWorse, freq = 1: (200) 00011001000
downs, freq = 1: (201) 00011001001
nor, freq = 4: (223) 11011111
might, freq = 1: (206) 00011001110
did, freq = 2: (405) 0110010101
nay, freq = 9: (93) 1011101
forth, freq = 2: (490) 111101010
these., freq = 1: (207) 00011001111
Must, freq = 1: (204) 00011001100
you, freq = 6: (150) 10010110
with, freq = 1: (205) 00011001101
from, freq = 1: (194) 00011000010
were, freq = 1: (195) 00011000011
more., freq = 1: (192) 00011000000
should, freq = 1: (193) 00011000001
remark, freq = 2: (491) 111101011
vanity, freq = 2: (488) 111101000
square., freq = 1: (198) 00011000110
Unpleasant, freq = 1: (199) 00011000111
especially, freq = 2: (489) 111101001
assistance, freq = 2: (494) 111101110
sufficient, freq = 2: (495) 111101111
he, freq = 16: (52) 0110100
comparison, freq = 2: (492) 111101100
inquietude., freq = 1: (196) 00011000100
Branch, freq = 1: (197) 00011000101
one, freq = 3: (268) 100001100
shy, freq = 3: (269) 100001101
edward, freq = 1: (218) 00011011010
stairs, freq = 1: (219) 00011011011
turned, freq = 1: (216) 00011011000
law, freq = 2: (493) 111101101
wonder, freq = 2: (482) 111100010
horses., freq = 2: (483) 111100011
Devonshire, freq = 1: (217) 00011011001
invitation, freq = 1: (222) 00011011110
the, freq = 4: (220) 11011100
excellence, freq = 4: (221) 11011101
preference., freq = 1: (223) 00011011111
Objection, freq = 1: (220) 00011011100
estimable, freq = 3: (258) 100000010
discourse, freq = 5: (168) 10101000
procuring, freq = 2: (480) 111100000
remaining, freq = 1: (221) 00011011101
on, freq = 9: (98) 1100010
distrusts., freq = 1: (210) 00011010010
Simplicity, freq = 1: (211) 00011010011
affronting, freq = 1: (208) 00011010000
inquietude, freq = 1: (209) 00011010001
now, freq = 3: (259) 100000011
sympathize, freq = 2: (481) 111100001
age., freq = 1: (214) 00011010110
She, freq = 2: (486) 111100110
meant, freq = 1: (215) 00011010111
new, freq = 2: (487) 111100111
their, freq = 1: (212) 00011010100
sex, freq = 3: (256) 100000000
could, freq = 3: (257) 100000001
defer, freq = 1: (213) 00011010101
child., freq = 1: (42) 00000101010
An, freq = 3: (262) 100000110
lose, freq = 1: (43) 00000101011
at, freq = 12: (62) 0111110
quit, freq = 1: (40) 00000101000
life, freq = 1: (41) 00000101001
dull., freq = 1: (46) 00000101110
Residence, freq = 1: (47) 00000101111
certainly, freq = 1: (44) 00000101100
elsewhere, freq = 2: (484) 111100100
something, freq = 5: (169) 10101001
preferred, freq = 3: (263) 100000111
cordially, freq = 1: (45) 00000101101
law., freq = 2: (485) 111100101
Age, freq = 1: (34) 00000100010
surprise, freq = 2: (506) 111111010
formerly, freq = 2: (507) 111111011
mrs, freq = 4: (210) 11010010
perceive, freq = 1: (35) 00000100011
few, freq = 4: (211) 11010011
moderate., freq = 1: (32) 00000100000
Of, freq = 1: (33) 00000100001
power, freq = 1: (38) 00000100110
match, freq = 2: (504) 111111000
worse, freq = 3: (260) 100000100
voice, freq = 1: (39) 00000100111
would., freq = 1: (36) 00000100100
Large, freq = 1: (37) 00000100101
sense, freq = 3: (261) 100000101
shall, freq = 1: (58) 00000111010
learn., freq = 1: (59) 00000111011
By, freq = 1: (56) 00000111000
expect, freq = 1: (57) 00000111001
formal, freq = 1: (62) 00000111110
of., freq = 3: (282) 100011010
Ask, freq = 1: (63) 00000111111
eat, freq = 2: (505) 111111001
questions, freq = 1: (60) 00000111100
abilities, freq = 2: (510) 111111110
described, freq = 1: (61) 00000111101
assurance., freq = 1: (50) 00000110010
Appetite, freq = 1: (51) 00000110011
unlocked, freq = 1: (48) 00000110000
advanced, freq = 2: (511) 111111111
breeding, freq = 1: (49) 00000110001
concerns, freq = 2: (508) 111111100
Cheerful, freq = 1: (54) 00000110110
get, freq = 2: (509) 111111101
shutters, freq = 1: (55) 00000110111
repeated, freq = 3: (283) 100011011
screened., freq = 2: (498) 111110010
cause, freq = 2: (499) 111110011
hopes, freq = 1: (52) 00000110100
three., freq = 1: (53) 00000110101
Prevent, freq = 1: (10) 00000001010
behaved, freq = 2: (496) 111110000
fertile, freq = 2: (497) 111110001
mistake, freq = 1: (11) 00000001011
on., freq = 1: (8) 00000001000
Surprise, freq = 1: (9) 00000001001
steepest, freq = 1: (14) 00000001110
recurred, freq = 1: (15) 00000001111
landlord, freq = 1: (12) 00000001100
wandered, freq = 2: (502) 111110110
amounted, freq = 1: (13) 00000001101
Continuing, freq = 2: (503) 111110111
devonshire, freq = 1: (2) 00000000010
considered, freq = 1: (3) 00000000011
Rose, freq = 1: (0) 00000000000
past, freq = 1: (1) 00000000001
shew, freq = 1: (6) 00000000110
roof, freq = 1: (7) 00000000111
song, freq = 1: (4) 00000000100
neat., freq = 1: (5) 00000000101
depend, freq = 1: (26) 00000011010
better, freq = 2: (500) 111110100
praise, freq = 2: (501) 111110101
friend, freq = 2: (458) 111001010
garden, freq = 3: (280) 100011000
to., freq = 3: (281) 100011001
Intention, freq = 1: (27) 00000011011
age, freq = 3: (286) 100011110
otherwise, freq = 1: (24) 00000011000
breakfast., freq = 1: (25) 00000011001
Around, freq = 1: (30) 00000011110
beyond, freq = 1: (31) 00000011111
extent, freq = 2: (459) 111001011
Husbands, freq = 1: (28) 00000011100
resolved, freq = 2: (456) 111001000
laughter, freq = 2: (457) 111001001
debating., freq = 1: (29) 00000011101
cordial, freq = 3: (287) 100011111
visitor, freq = 1: (18) 00000010010
noisier, freq = 1: (19) 00000010011
fat, freq = 2: (462) 111001110
subject, freq = 1: (16) 00000010000
general, freq = 1: (17) 00000010001
picture., freq = 1: (22) 00000010110
Or, freq = 2: (463) 111001111
offering, freq = 3: (284) 100011100
confined, freq = 1: (23) 00000010111
no., freq = 2: (460) 111001100
Nay, freq = 1: (20) 00000010100
rapturous, freq = 1: (21) 00000010101
see, freq = 5: (174) 10101110
residence., freq = 1: (106) 00001101010
Highly, freq = 1: (107) 00001101011
talked, freq = 2: (461) 111001101
vulgar., freq = 1: (104) 00001101000
Her, freq = 2: (450) 111000010
use, freq = 3: (285) 100011101
natural, freq = 1: (105) 00001101001
feeling., freq = 1: (110) 00001101110
Exquisite, freq = 1: (111) 00001101111
incommode, freq = 1: (108) 00001101100
immediate, freq = 1: (109) 00001101101
ourselves, freq = 2: (451) 111000011
Law, freq = 1: (98) 00001100010
conduct, freq = 1: (99) 00001100011
chiefly, freq = 1: (96) 00001100000
beloved, freq = 1: (97) 00001100001
examine, freq = 1: (102) 00001100110
village, freq = 1: (103) 00001100111
proceed., freq = 1: (100) 00001100100
Performed, freq = 1: (101) 00001100101
suspicion, freq = 1: (122) 00001111010
certainty, freq = 2: (448) 111000000
frankness, freq = 3: (274) 100010010
by, freq = 3: (275) 100010011
attention, freq = 1: (123) 00001111011
pretended., freq = 1: (120) 00001111000
Newspaper, freq = 1: (121) 00001111001
tolerably, freq = 2: (449) 111000001
education, freq = 2: (454) 111000110
enjoyment., freq = 1: (126) 00001111110
Extremity, freq = 2: (455) 111000111
excellent, freq = 2: (452) 111000100
sincerity, freq = 2: (453) 111000101
resembled., freq = 1: (127) 00001111111
Joy, freq = 1: (124) 00001111100
house, freq = 1: (125) 00001111101
arise, freq = 1: (114) 00001110010
total, freq = 1: (115) 00001110011
boy, freq = 4: (208) 11010000
but., freq = 1: (112) 00001110000
Elderly, freq = 2: (474) 111011010
chicken, freq = 1: (113) 00001110001
feeling, freq = 1: (118) 00001110110
is., freq = 1: (119) 00001110111
Like, freq = 1: (116) 00001110100
seen, freq = 1: (117) 00001110101
drew, freq = 1: (74) 00001001010
make, freq = 1: (75) 00001001011
fond, freq = 2: (475) 111011011
rent., freq = 1: (72) 00001001000
Behaviour, freq = 1: (73) 00001001001
extremely, freq = 2: (472) 111011000
explained, freq = 2: (473) 111011001
situation, freq = 1: (78) 00001001110
september, freq = 1: (79) 00001001111
gentleman, freq = 1: (76) 00001001100
who., freq = 2: (478) 111011110
Is, freq = 2: (479) 111011111
thought, freq = 2: (476) 111011100
pointed, freq = 1: (77) 00001001101
hearing, freq = 1: (66) 00001000010
norland, freq = 1: (67) 00001000011
produce, freq = 1: (64) 00001000000
wishing., freq = 1: (65) 00001000001
To, freq = 2: (477) 111011101
figure, freq = 1: (70) 00001000110
spring, freq = 1: (71) 00001000111
season, freq = 1: (68) 00001000100
up., freq = 1: (69) 00001000101
provision, freq = 1: (90) 00001011010
acuteness, freq = 1: (91) 00001011011
had, freq = 4: (209) 11010001
intention., freq = 1: (88) 00001011000
As, freq = 5: (175) 10101111
called, freq = 1: (89) 00001011001
needed, freq = 1: (94) 00001011110
at., freq = 2: (466) 111010010
Assistance, freq = 1: (95) 00001011111
imprudence, freq = 1: (92) 00001011100
sentiments, freq = 1: (93) 00001011101
unpleasant, freq = 1: (82) 00001010010
expression, freq = 1: (83) 00001010011
surrounded, freq = 1: (80) 00001010000
not., freq = 1: (81) 00001010001
Be, freq = 1: (86) 00001010110
ye, freq = 5: (172) 10101100
secure, freq = 2: (467) 111010011
nearer., freq = 1: (87) 00001010111
Living, freq = 1: (84) 00001010100
valley, freq = 1: (85) 00001010101
merits, freq = 1: (426) 00110101010
esteem, freq = 3: (272) 100010000
bed., freq = 1: (427) 00110101011
last, freq = 2: (464) 111010000
wise, freq = 1: (424) 00110101000
left., freq = 1: (425) 00110101001
Visited, freq = 1: (430) 00110101110
civilly, freq = 1: (431) 00110101111
colonel, freq = 1: (428) 00110101100
So, freq = 2: (465) 111010001
interested, freq = 1: (429) 00110101101
sentiments., freq = 1: (418) 00110100010
Vanity, freq = 1: (419) 00110100011
giving, freq = 1: (416) 00110100000
points, freq = 1: (417) 00110100001
within, freq = 2: (470) 111010110
six, freq = 2: (471) 111010111
not, freq = 2: (468) 111010100
Few, freq = 1: (422) 00110100110
impression, freq = 1: (423) 00110100111
difficulty, freq = 2: (469) 111010101
decisively., freq = 1: (420) 00110100100
allowance, freq = 2: (298) 0100101010
instantly, freq = 1: (421) 00110100101
strangers, freq = 3: (273) 100010001
applauded, freq = 4: (214) 11010110
so., freq = 3: (278) 100010110
Separate, freq = 1: (442) 00110111010
welcomed, freq = 1: (443) 00110111011
sensible, freq = 1: (440) 00110111000
laughing, freq = 1: (441) 00110111001
moderate, freq = 2: (299) 0100101011
shy., freq = 1: (446) 00110111110
We, freq = 1: (447) 00110111111
seeing, freq = 1: (444) 00110111100
piqued, freq = 2: (296) 0100101000
merry, freq = 1: (445) 00110111101
least, freq = 2: (297) 0100101001
stood., freq = 1: (434) 00110110010
And, freq = 2: (302) 0100101110
cold, freq = 1: (435) 00110110011
sons, freq = 1: (432) 00110110000
with., freq = 1: (433) 00110110001
Delivered, freq = 1: (438) 00110110110
middleton, freq = 2: (303) 0100101111
therefore, freq = 1: (439) 00110110111
Attachment, freq = 1: (436) 00110110100
companions, freq = 2: (300) 0100101100
pianoforte., freq = 1: (437) 00110110101
Able, freq = 1: (394) 00110001010
hope, freq = 1: (395) 00110001011
body., freq = 1: (392) 00110001000
Any, freq = 1: (393) 00110001001
shyness, freq = 2: (301) 0100101101
article, freq = 1: (398) 00110001110
matters, freq = 1: (399) 00110001111
own, freq = 2: (290) 0100100010
nothing, freq = 1: (396) 00110001100
forming., freq = 1: (397) 00110001101
additions, freq = 2: (291) 0100100011
satisfied, freq = 1: (386) 00110000010
perpetual., freq = 1: (387) 00110000011
If, freq = 2: (288) 0100100000
manor, freq = 1: (384) 00110000000
happy., freq = 1: (385) 00110000001
Without, freq = 1: (390) 00110000110
farther, freq = 1: (391) 00110000111
exposed, freq = 1: (388) 00110000100
led., freq = 2: (289) 0100100001
Along, freq = 1: (389) 00110000101
happy, freq = 1: (410) 00110011010
cease, freq = 1: (411) 00110011011
green, freq = 1: (408) 00110011000
oh., freq = 2: (294) 0100100110
Far, freq = 2: (295) 0100100111
quitting, freq = 1: (409) 00110011001
graceful, freq = 2: (292) 0100100100
received, freq = 3: (279) 100010111
building., freq = 1: (414) 00110011110
fact, freq = 1: (415) 00110011111
that, freq = 2: (293) 0100100101
show, freq = 2: (314) 0100111010
shed, freq = 1: (412) 00110011100
sold, freq = 1: (413) 00110011101
cold., freq = 1: (402) 00110010010
Unaffected, freq = 2: (315) 0100111011
remarkably, freq = 1: (403) 00110010011
introduced, freq = 1: (400) 00110010000
terminated, freq = 1: (401) 00110010001
Result, freq = 1: (406) 00110010110
either, freq = 1: (407) 00110010111
design, freq = 1: (404) 00110010100
and., freq = 1: (405) 00110010101
ashamed, freq = 1: (490) 00111101010
inhabit, freq = 1: (491) 00111101011
ferrars, freq = 1: (488) 00111101000
besides, freq = 2: (312) 0100111000
resolve., freq = 1: (489) 00111101001
Own, freq = 1: (494) 00111101110
directly, freq = 1: (495) 00111101111
trifling., freq = 1: (492) 00111101100
pursuit, freq = 1: (493) 00111101101
regular, freq = 1: (482) 00111100010
parlors., freq = 1: (483) 00111100011
Rank, freq = 1: (480) 00111100000
what, freq = 1: (481) 00111100001
into, freq = 1: (486) 00111100110
sorry, freq = 1: (487) 00111100111
world, freq = 1: (484) 00111100100
spoil, freq = 1: (485) 00111100101
along., freq = 1: (506) 00111111010
Incommode, freq = 1: (507) 00111111011
depending, freq = 3: (276) 100010100
remainder, freq = 1: (504) 00111111000
Edward, freq = 1: (505) 00111111001
almost, freq = 1: (510) 00111111110
active, freq = 1: (511) 00111111111
thirty, freq = 3: (277) 100010101
piqued., freq = 1: (508) 00111111100
People, freq = 1: (509) 00111111101
period, freq = 1: (498) 00111110010
twenty, freq = 1: (499) 00111110011
Set, freq = 2: (313) 0100111001
was, freq = 1: (496) 00111110000
abroad, freq = 1: (497) 00111110001
ham, freq = 1: (502) 00111110110
plenty, freq = 1: (503) 00111110111
Admiration, freq = 1: (500) 00111110100
sir, freq = 2: (318) 0100111110
decisively, freq = 2: (319) 0100111111
everything, freq = 2: (316) 0100111100
inhabiting, freq = 1: (501) 00111110101
acceptance., freq = 1: (458) 00111001010
Sooner, freq = 1: (459) 00111001011
settle, freq = 1: (456) 00111001000
sudden, freq = 2: (317) 0100111101
him., freq = 1: (457) 00111001001
concluded, freq = 2: (306) 0100110010
extremity., freq = 1: (462) 00111001110
Want, freq = 1: (463) 00111001111
four, freq = 2: (307) 0100110011
we, freq = 3: (298) 100101010
face, freq = 1: (460) 00111001100
gate., freq = 1: (461) 00111001101
played, freq = 1: (450) 00111000010
ladies, freq = 2: (304) 0100110000
answer, freq = 1: (451) 00111000011
little, freq = 1: (448) 00111000000
nature., freq = 1: (449) 00111000001
Blessing, freq = 2: (305) 0100110001
formerly., freq = 1: (454) 00111000110
Took, freq = 1: (455) 00111000111
spot, freq = 1: (452) 00111000100
size, freq = 1: (453) 00111000101
you., freq = 1: (474) 00111011010
Outlived, freq = 1: (475) 00111011011
material., freq = 1: (472) 00111011000
Him, freq = 2: (310) 0100110110
outweigh, freq = 2: (311) 0100110111
Demesne, freq = 1: (473) 00111011001
far, freq = 1: (478) 00111011110
hearted, freq = 1: (479) 00111011111
suppose, freq = 1: (476) 00111011100
venture, freq = 1: (477) 00111011101
excited, freq = 1: (466) 00111010010
has., freq = 2: (308) 0100110100
Dependent, freq = 2: (309) 0100110101
Yet, freq = 1: (467) 00111010011
﻿no, freq = 1: (464) 00111010000
jokes, freq = 1: (465) 00111010001
why., freq = 1: (470) 00111010110
Bed, freq = 1: (471) 00111010111
supposing, freq = 1: (468) 00111010100
fulfilled, freq = 1: (469) 00111010101
questions., freq = 1: (298) 00100101010
Whatever, freq = 1: (299) 00100101011
exertion, freq = 1: (296) 00100101000
extended., freq = 2: (266) 0100001010
baobab, freq = 1: (297) 00100101001
believed, freq = 1: (302) 00100101110
diverted, freq = 1: (303) 00100101111
rejoiced., freq = 1: (300) 00100101100
End, freq = 1: (301) 00100101101
friendship, freq = 2: (267) 0100001011
can, freq = 4: (215) 11010111
prosperous, freq = 1: (290) 00100100010
met., freq = 1: (291) 00100100011
game, freq = 1: (288) 00100100000
park, freq = 1: (289) 00100100001
do., freq = 1: (294) 00100100110
Was, freq = 1: (295) 00100100111
unknown, freq = 1: (292) 00100100100
certain, freq = 1: (293) 00100100101
ten, freq = 3: (299) 100101011
promise., freq = 1: (314) 00100111010
No, freq = 1: (315) 00100111011
finished, freq = 1: (312) 00100111000
cheerful, freq = 1: (313) 00100111001
packages, freq = 1: (318) 00100111110
we., freq = 3: (296) 100101000
assurance, freq = 3: (297) 100101001
collected., freq = 1: (319) 00100111111
Packages, freq = 1: (316) 00100111100
denoting, freq = 1: (317) 00100111101
humoured., freq = 1: (306) 00100110010
Pressed, freq = 1: (307) 00100110011
natural., freq = 1: (304) 00100110000
Answer, freq = 1: (305) 00100110001
misery, freq = 1: (310) 00100110110
adieus, freq = 1: (311) 00100110111
wooded, freq = 1: (308) 00100110100
men, freq = 2: (264) 0100001000
before, freq = 1: (309) 00100110101
though., freq = 1: (266) 00100001010
Pretended, freq = 1: (267) 00100001011
belonging, freq = 1: (264) 00100001000
contented, freq = 1: (265) 00100001001
suffering, freq = 2: (265) 0100001001
favourite, freq = 2: (270) 0100001110
continual., freq = 1: (270) 00100001110
Mrs, freq = 1: (271) 00100001111
civil, freq = 1: (268) 00100001100
means, freq = 1: (269) 00100001101
tried, freq = 1: (258) 00100000010
drift., freq = 1: (259) 00100000011
Natural, freq = 1: (256) 00100000000
whether, freq = 1: (257) 00100000001
towards, freq = 1: (262) 00100000110
certain., freq = 1: (263) 00100000111
Furnished, freq = 1: (260) 00100000100
unfeeling, freq = 1: (261) 00100000101
sometimes, freq = 2: (271) 0100001111
promotion., freq = 1: (282) 00100011010
Quitting, freq = 1: (283) 00100011011
informed, freq = 1: (280) 00100011000
now., freq = 1: (281) 00100011001
Projection, freq = 1: (286) 00100011110
conviction, freq = 2: (268) 0100001100
uncommonly, freq = 1: (287) 00100011111
delightful, freq = 1: (284) 00100011100
continuing., freq = 1: (285) 00100011101
appetite, freq = 1: (274) 00100010010
ecstatic, freq = 1: (275) 00100010011
opinions, freq = 2: (269) 0100001101
hastened, freq = 2: (258) 0100000010
handsome, freq = 1: (272) 00100010000
admitted., freq = 1: (273) 00100010001
relation, freq = 1: (278) 00100010110
screened, freq = 2: (259) 0100000011
doubtful., freq = 1: (279) 00100010111
Overcame, freq = 1: (276) 00100010100
insisted, freq = 1: (277) 00100010101
trifling, freq = 1: (362) 00101101010
husbands., freq = 1: (363) 00101101011
Might, freq = 1: (360) 00101101000
order, freq = 1: (361) 00101101001
found., freq = 1: (366) 00101101110
impossible, freq = 2: (256) 0100000000
diminution., freq = 1: (367) 00101101111
Did, freq = 1: (364) 00101101100
carriage, freq = 1: (365) 00101101101
learning, freq = 1: (354) 00101100010
its, freq = 1: (355) 00101100011
replying., freq = 1: (352) 00101100000
Sister, freq = 1: (353) 00101100001
enable, freq = 1: (358) 00101100110
spirit, freq = 1: (359) 00101100111
really., freq = 1: (356) 00101100100
Parish, freq = 1: (357) 00101100101
oppose, freq = 1: (378) 00101111010
repair, freq = 1: (379) 00101111011
misery., freq = 1: (376) 00101111000
Quick, freq = 2: (257) 0100000001
style, freq = 1: (377) 00101111001
after, freq = 1: (382) 00101111110
money, freq = 2: (262) 0100000110
mrs., freq = 1: (383) 00101111111
Ignorant, freq = 1: (380) 00101111100
drawings, freq = 1: (381) 00101111101
laughter., freq = 1: (370) 00101110010
Case, freq = 1: (371) 00101110011
away, freq = 1: (368) 00101110000
sigh, freq = 1: (369) 00101110001
here, freq = 1: (374) 00101110110
upon., freq = 1: (375) 00101110111
Acuteness, freq = 1: (372) 00101110100
exquisite, freq = 2: (263) 0100000111
forfeited., freq = 1: (373) 00101110101
Enquire, freq = 1: (330) 00101001010
without, freq = 1: (331) 00101001011
garrets, freq = 1: (328) 00101001000
himself., freq = 1: (329) 00101001001
Interest, freq = 1: (334) 00101001110
our, freq = 2: (260) 0100000100
followed, freq = 1: (335) 00101001111
was., freq = 1: (332) 00101001100
Cultivated, freq = 1: (333) 00101001101
solicitude, freq = 1: (322) 00101000010
unpleasant., freq = 1: (323) 00101000011
Oh, freq = 3: (302) 100101110
acceptance, freq = 1: (320) 00101000000
apartments, freq = 2: (261) 0100000101
astonished, freq = 3: (303) 100101111
delightful., freq = 1: (321) 00101000001
Waiting, freq = 1: (326) 00101000110
lasting, freq = 1: (327) 00101000111
towards., freq = 1: (324) 00101000100
melancholy, freq = 2: (282) 0100011010
unpleasing, freq = 1: (325) 00101000101
attachment, freq = 1: (346) 00101011010
announcing, freq = 1: (347) 00101011011
astonished., freq = 1: (344) 00101011000
What, freq = 1: (345) 00101011001
leaf, freq = 1: (350) 00101011110
upon, freq = 1: (351) 00101011111
door., freq = 1: (348) 00101011100
Tended, freq = 1: (349) 00101011101
remain, freq = 1: (338) 00101010010
stairs., freq = 1: (339) 00101010011
smiling, freq = 1: (336) 00101010000
amiable, freq = 1: (337) 00101010001
visited, freq = 1: (342) 00101010110
offices, freq = 2: (283) 0100011011
hearted., freq = 1: (343) 00101010111
Breakfast, freq = 1: (340) 00101010100
happiness, freq = 1: (341) 00101010101
frankness., freq = 1: (682) 01010101010
Met, freq = 1: (683) 01010101011
Entreaties, freq = 1: (680) 01010101000
estimating, freq = 1: (681) 01010101001
cultivated., freq = 1: (686) 01010101110
additions., freq = 1: (687) 01010101111
Pronounce, freq = 1: (684) 01010101100
suspected., freq = 1: (685) 01010101101
elinor, freq = 1: (674) 01010100010
temper., freq = 1: (675) 01010100011
Quiet, freq = 1: (672) 01010100000
leave, freq = 2: (280) 0100011000
gay, freq = 2: (281) 0100011001
large, freq = 1: (673) 01010100001
Abilities, freq = 1: (678) 01010100110
perfectly, freq = 1: (679) 01010100111
pretended, freq = 2: (286) 0100011110
exquisite., freq = 1: (676) 01010100100
another, freq = 1: (677) 01010100101
chamber, freq = 1: (698) 01010111010
pleased, freq = 1: (699) 01010111011
imagine, freq = 2: (287) 0100011111
in., freq = 2: (284) 0100011100
Went, freq = 1: (696) 01010111000
loud, freq = 1: (697) 01010111001
shot, freq = 1: (702) 01010111110
draw., freq = 1: (703) 01010111111
Excellent, freq = 1: (700) 01010111100
smallness., freq = 1: (701) 01010111101
Removal, freq = 1: (690) 01010110010
request, freq = 1: (691) 01010110011
delight, freq = 1: (688) 01010110000
themselves., freq = 1: (689) 01010110001
Offended, freq = 1: (694) 01010110110
consider, freq = 1: (695) 01010110111
speaking., freq = 1: (692) 01010110100
Questions, freq = 1: (693) 01010110101
too, freq = 1: (650) 01010001010
son., freq = 2: (285) 0100011101
distant., freq = 1: (651) 01010001011
Improve, freq = 1: (648) 01010001000
message, freq = 1: (649) 01010001001
himself, freq = 1: (654) 01010001110
cheered, freq = 1: (655) 01010001111
however, freq = 1: (652) 01010001100
judge, freq = 1: (653) 01010001101
first, freq = 1: (642) 01010000010
chief, freq = 1: (643) 01010000011
her., freq = 2: (274) 0100010010
Indeed, freq = 1: (640) 01010000000
always, freq = 1: (641) 01010000001
seemed, freq = 1: (646) 01010000110
narrow, freq = 1: (647) 01010000111
be., freq = 1: (644) 01010000100
Instantly, freq = 1: (645) 01010000101
neglected, freq = 1: (666) 01010011010
delivered., freq = 1: (667) 01010011011
Perhaps, freq = 1: (664) 01010011000
brandon, freq = 1: (665) 01010011001
cottage., freq = 1: (670) 01010011110
Fulfilled, freq = 1: (671) 01010011111
direction, freq = 1: (668) 01010011100
continual, freq = 1: (669) 01010011101
propriety, freq = 1: (658) 01010010010
continued., freq = 1: (659) 01010010011
Saw, freq = 1: (656) 01010010000
deficient, freq = 1: (657) 01010010001
engrossed, freq = 1: (662) 01010010110
concealed, freq = 1: (663) 01010010111
Concluded, freq = 1: (660) 01010010100
perpetual, freq = 1: (661) 01010010101
supposing., freq = 1: (746) 01011101010
Farther, freq = 1: (747) 01011101011
related, freq = 1: (744) 01011101000
comfort, freq = 1: (745) 01011101001
civilly., freq = 1: (750) 01011101110
Dashwoods, freq = 1: (751) 01011101111
objection, freq = 1: (748) 01011101100
the., freq = 2: (275) 0100010011
produced, freq = 1: (749) 01011101101
prospect, freq = 1: (738) 01011100010
am., freq = 1: (739) 01011100011
Placing, freq = 1: (736) 01011100000
forming, freq = 1: (737) 01011100001
looking, freq = 1: (742) 01011100110
married, freq = 1: (743) 01011100111
Margaret, freq = 1: (740) 01011100100
disposed, freq = 1: (741) 01011100101
rendered, freq = 1: (762) 01011111010
striking, freq = 1: (763) 01011111011
confined., freq = 1: (760) 01011111000
It, freq = 1: (761) 01011111001
furnished, freq = 1: (766) 01011111110
unwilling, freq = 1: (767) 01011111111
peculiar, freq = 1: (764) 01011111100
ham., freq = 1: (765) 01011111101
Sussex, freq = 1: (754) 01011110010
really, freq = 1: (755) 01011110011
elinor., freq = 1: (752) 01011110000
properly, freq = 1: (753) 01011110001
Advice, freq = 1: (758) 01011110110
branch, freq = 1: (759) 01011110111
living., freq = 1: (756) 01011110100
disposing, freq = 2: (272) 0100010000
admitting, freq = 1: (757) 01011110101
sportsmen, freq = 1: (714) 01011001010
sportsman., freq = 1: (715) 01011001011
Their, freq = 1: (712) 01011001000
widen, freq = 1: (713) 01011001001
any., freq = 1: (718) 01011001110
smart, freq = 1: (719) 01011001111
those, freq = 2: (273) 0100010001
Am, freq = 1: (716) 01011001100
wrote, freq = 1: (717) 01011001101
whole, freq = 1: (706) 01011000010
tears, freq = 1: (707) 01011000011
Absolute, freq = 1: (704) 01011000000
required, freq = 1: (705) 01011000001
reserved, freq = 2: (278) 0100010110
How, freq = 1: (710) 01011000110
found, freq = 1: (711) 01011000111
again, freq = 1: (708) 01011000100
taken, freq = 1: (709) 01011000101
Had, freq = 1: (730) 01011011010
desirous, freq = 1: (731) 01011011011
overcame., freq = 1: (728) 01011011000
Improved, freq = 1: (729) 01011011001
property, freq = 1: (734) 01011011110
disposal, freq = 1: (735) 01011011111
me., freq = 1: (732) 01011011100
over, freq = 1: (733) 01011011101
man., freq = 1: (722) 01011010010
simple, freq = 1: (723) 01011010011
assure., freq = 1: (720) 01011010000
Mr, freq = 1: (721) 01011010001
continued, freq = 1: (726) 01011010110
arranging, freq = 1: (727) 01011010111
agreement., freq = 1: (724) 01011010100
Off, freq = 1: (725) 01011010101
mistress, freq = 1: (554) 01000101010
provided, freq = 1: (555) 01000101011
horrible, freq = 1: (552) 01000101000
opinions., freq = 1: (553) 01000101001
Prevailed, freq = 1: (558) 01000101110
uncommon, freq = 1: (559) 01000101111
Runtime: 0.030051 seconds


Text # chars: 10274
Storage used: 82192 bits
New storage : 15182 bits
ratio       : 82 %
